c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Promotion.dll
C:\Users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Promotion.pdb
